docs: Next.js 14 (#57342)
vercel/next.js: docs/02-app/02-api-reference/04-functions/revalidatePath.mdx

This will revalidate any URL that matches the provided `layout` file on the next page visit. This will cause pages beneath with the same layout to revalidate on the next visit. For example, in the above case, `/blog/[slug]/[another]` would also revalidate on the next visit.

### Revalidating All Data

```ts
import { revalidatePath } from 'next/cache'

revalidatePath('/', 'layout')
```

> This will revalidate the entire Data Cache on the next page visit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will purge the Client-side Router Cache, and revalidate the Data Cache on the next page visit.
```
